**Problem**

There are few, if any, communities built intentionally with American made solar products, and we don't believe there are any located in Opportunity Zones. Lack of adoption in existing underserved neighborhoods is the highest due to the cost of installation of solar technology. In Denver in 2021, the average home sold for over $651,000 (source: Colorado Association of Realtors) and the average solar installation was $13,000-18,000 (source: energysage.com). Rent is predicted to increase another 25% from its already high average of over $1,800 a month. For most families, solar installations are simply out of reach. Additionally, only 4.18% of Colorado's current power comes from solar. Colorado Governor Jared Polis has previously stated he would like fully renewable energy in place by 2040. This is the bridge to get there.

The families who live in OZ are also underrepresented in governance. Capital to invest in solar is widely unavailable to LMI and JEDI communities despite it being a home asset that has historically raised the sale price of Colorado homes 5-10%. Builders don't have a financial incentive to plan intentional solar-based communities and most families don't necessarily know that non-traditional finance is available to them.

We are solving both sides of the incentive and capital stack, and doing it in a net-positive energy solution. 

**Solution**

Our solution is TokenTown: Next-Gen Solar Communities, built in Opportunity Zones, that are Community Owned and Operated. We are building new neighborhoods in existing OZ with the latest American made solar products. TokenTown turns entire neighborhoods into net energy positive microgrids with advanced capabilities. Implementing a decentralized, autonomous organization (DAO) framework that governs our next generation solar community (our submission in the hardware track) will improve the community by making it flatter, more transparent, more accessible. All transactions related to the financing and the neighborhood will be available on the blockchain. 

Improve the adoption of cutting-edge American Made solar technology by creating "next-gen" subdivisions called TokenTown. TokenTown is going to be a model neighborhood we can deploy all over the country. Every house will have solar by design for three reasons: 1) the extra power generated can support larger households and promote community living without significantly higher costs; 2) the power not needed by the house can support super-computers that create cryptocurrency "cryptomines" which are currently cost prohibitive because of their excessive power consumption; and 3) the value of the cryptocurrency can be used to offset rent or mortgage costs. This self-contained cycle is sustainable, affordable, and perpetual which can provide affordable housing and most important to us, use solar power to turn renters into owners. Even after accounting for the cryptomines, we expect out solar deployment to end up net energy positive.

Solar is going to power the future of these working families by not just reducing their electric bills but providing incredible doors into the industries of the future. The "S-Curve" (10% of the population are the early adopters for the first 10 years, 90% in the second ten, final 10% in the last ten) is where we are right now. Providing the solar power, the financing, and introducing communities who don't have access to the latest technology will change generations. Imagine a teenage girl who goes to an underfunded school and is told she should try her best to get a minimum wage job goes home to the bitcoin miner in her basement and starts to teach herself crypto-trading. We are architecting the future. The job that a 5 year old today will eventually get doesn't exist yet. But with our solution, we are opening up access to immense talent pools.

The initial TokenTown and hopefully all subsequent models will be built in Qualified Opportunity Zone (OZ) Fund tracts across the country. The initial parcel will be in sunny Colorado. Opportunity Zones are identified urban and rural initiatives chosen by every Governor. By emphasizing solar and providing non-traditional capital through blockchain financing, we expect a high number of our community members will be people of color, single mothers, and LGBTQ. Addtionally, we are 

TokenTown will likely be financed through SEC registered Regulation Crowdfunding (Reg. CF) with securities and security tokens. Two of our team members have previously launched a Reg. CF offering (which unfortunately got through due diligence and launched right in time for the world to shut down in March, 2020) but are extremely familiar with the process and work involved.

**Accomplishments and Team**

Our diverse leadership team includes people of color, women, single parents, and a person with a disability. We represent a multi-state team from CA, NY, PA, TN, NC, TX and CO. We have a variety of technical expertise in real estate, renewable energy, institutional finance, IT, blockchain, decentralized finance, and community building. In just the 10 days we've been aware of this challenge, we've grown a community of over 150 people interested in being part of this effort. We are currently launching a governance NFT (non-fungible token) limited to 32 at 1 Ethereum (~$3,400) each, as social proof that there is a high demand for this type of housing. We launched two DAOs in Wyoming (REtoken DAO and TokenTown DAO) and minted new social tokens. We held 11 working groups, wrote our plan, got partner vision buy in, and laid out a plan to solve solar-based affordable housing in the US. Leading CEOs in this space are excited to recommend our project.

We were recently asked to submit a white paper regarding this project to be featured at a leading investment conference in December, 2021, and asked to join several exclusive masterminds for thought leadership.


| Name                     | LinkedIn<br>Twitter  | Bio      |
| ------------------------ | --------- | -------- |
| Jason Younker            | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/yonks)<br>[Twitter](https://twitter.com/Yonks) | [yonks.eth Ξ Jason Younker](https://twitter.com/yonks) is a serial entrepreneur that is passionate about creating win / win / win situations. He is having the most fun building "tokenized web3 communities". This is done using the latest business entity structures (WY DAO LLC, Limited Cooperative Associations, Public Benefit Corporations, and Series LLCs are specific examples). Prior to being a serial entrepreneur, he was an IT professional specializing in Network Operations and Engineering.  This allowed him to lead global teams and transition from a Silicon Valley startup surviving the Dot Com crash to an offshoring effort while working for corporate India. |
| Tyler Younker            | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tylerhart/) | Tyler Younker has 17 years of institutional wholesaling, private equity, and non-profit fundraising experience. She has a BA from The Ohio State University and an MS from The American College. |
| Amy Marcella             | ?  | Amy Marcella is a serial entrepreneur currently working as a Global Market Strategist Consultant for Sundial Solar Developers with solar projects in Mississippi and Ghana. She has experience in Healthcare Global Recruitment Management, Healthcare Staffing and Contracting, Real Estate Development, Renewable Energy Projects, and Telecommunication Network. |
| Daks Balakrishnan        | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/daks)  | Daks Balakrishnan is a Realtor, Developer, Investor, and currently lead at healthcare company. He is passionate about Financial Independence and got interested in FIRE movement, which led him to Real Estate and blockchain technology projects such as REtoken DAO and TokenTown DAO. |
| Poopster Wilson | [Twitter](https://twitter.com/0xYieldFarmer) | Poopster Wilson has spent the last few years working in crypto and more specifically defi. He is extremely interested in DAOs, self sustaining communities and using renewable living/energy to make help solve social, housing, and financial issues for everyone. |
| Chadd McNicholas         | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/thechadd/)  | Chadd McNicholas has an extensive background in engineering, advanced analytics, and product management. He dove into DeFi as a hobby about a year ago, and has been very active since. REtoken is his first DAO participation. |
| Evan Kim                 | LinkedIn<br>Twitter  | Evan Kim is a DeFi builder and is interested in all things related to crypto data analytics. Evan's university education was centered around theoretical mathematics which has given him a strong foundation towards his passion about the decentralized web3 future and technology in general. |

**Plan**

Additionally, we are connecting with American made solar solutions partners who are equipped to help us install an entire new community, reviewing SEC and FINRA requirements for this type of offering and interviewing potential vendors and transfer agents. We're in discussion with a Colorado based home builder with capacity for TokenTown who can deliver quality construction for significantly lower prices than standard construction. We're reviewing local permitting and zoning requirements to maximize potential income opportunities for community members. We are already a functioning Decentralized Autonomous Organization, a legal business structure that allows for democratized governance and are familiar with the infrastructure needed to support it. We are also in talks with the largest Opportunity Zone Fund consultant in the US, who is in support of our effort.

After we raise our social proof governance round, we expect to finalize our Solar Solution partners, identify and purchase land in a Colorado OZ, finalize a contract with a construction vendor, complete all necessary permitting, and continue our ongoing dialogue with community members and other local stakeholders. We also hope to finalize the model that we can replicate across the United States.
